~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ BUGSnet ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

BUGSnet (Bayesian inference Using Gibbs Sampling to conduct NETwork meta-analysis) is a feature-rich R package to 
conduct Bayesian network meta-analyses in compliance with best practice and reporting guidelines. Bayesian analyses 
are conducted with JAGS, and BUGS code is automatically generated by the package based on the user's inputs. Outputs 
are highly customizable and include network plots, tables of network characteristics, league tables and league heat 
plots, SUCRA plots, rankograms, forest plots, leverage plots, traceplots, posterior mean deviance comparison plots.

License: This version of BUGSnet is distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 
International Public License (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0). Kindly review the LICENSE file. You are responsible for conforming to 
the terms of this license. This software is provided as-is and comes with absolutely no warranty. Commercial use of 
BUGSnet or any parts of BUGSnet is strictly prohibited under this license. If you are interested in commercial use, 
please contact the copyright holders. 


************* INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS *************

Please Note: If you experience a problem following these instructions (e.g. an error message), the best way to 
find a solution is to google your problem and any error/warning messages and see on internet forums how others 
have solved the issue.

### 1. Install JAGS ###

Go to 
https://sourceforge.net/projects/mcmc-jags/
Click on Files > JAGS > 4.x 
Select your operating system and download JAGS-4.3.0, then install.

### 2. Install R ###

Download and install the most recent version of base R (3.6.1) from 
cran.r-project.org

### 3. Install Rstudio ###

Download and install the most recent version of RStudio Desktop (1.2.1335, the free version) from 
https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download

### 4. Update R packages ### (you may skip this step if this is your first time installing R on your machine)

In RStudio, click Tools > Check for Packages Updates... > Select All > Install Updates 

If you are asked whether to install packages from source, say yes.

### 5. Install BUGSnet's dependencies ###

Open RStudio and in the console run

install.packages(c('rjags', 'tidyr', 'plyr', 'ggplot2', 'igraph', 'extrafont', 'magrittr', 'dplyr', 'meta', 'purrr', 'scales', 'RColorBrewer', 'Rdpack', 'rlang', 'tibble', 'stringr'))

### 6. Install BUGSnet ###

In RStudio click, 

Session > Set Working Directory > Choose Directory...

and select the directory that contains the file BUGSnet_1.0.2.tar.gz

then run

install.packages("BUGSnet_1.0.2.tar.gz", repos = NULL, type = "source")

### 6. Use BUGSnet ###

Load BUGSnet with

library(BUGSnet)

and you're all set. If you dont' know where to start type 

?BUGSnet

for the help page and example vignettes.
